Mr. Ji, please inform me.
Tonight's birthday party is cancelled
And check Su Ran's information.
Yes, wait and notify Su Ran.
The project of Yujingwan does not need him to continue to follow up.
Yes
Why did I stop following up on the Royal King Bay project?
This is Mr. Ji's decision.
Why?
So fair
It seems that Yan Ting finally knows your true colors
I won't be bewitched by you anymore
What are you bewitching? Don't be so ugly
What do you mean?
You still have the right to yell at me here
You are a newcomer
To be able to participate in such a big project as Yujingwan
Do I need to say why?
This project of Yujingwan is obtained by my strength
I have a clear conscience.
What a clear conscience
Although Xia Xiet's manuscript was plagiarized
But he's not yours, is he?
Don't we know your business ability yet?
Su Ran, don't be ignorant now
You don't know where you are.
Who here is not more experienced and capable than you?
Don't rely on Mr. Ji to take care of you before
That is, in the end
This is the decision of Ji Zonghe Company
What are you complaining about with us?
Do you have the ability to go to Mr. Ji for a theory?
Okay, I'll go find Ji Yanting